Beach
Sun and beach tourism refers to holidays taken for the purpose of staying in or near beaches.
The most common activity for Europeans on a beach holiday is relaxing, which means they go sunbathing,
swim, picnic and play on the beach. For many young people, beach holidays also includes partying and clubbing.

Sightseeing
If you go sightseeing or do some sightseeing, you travel around visiting the interesting places that tourists usually visit.

Diving
The main purpose of dive tourism is to take part in scuba diving activities. Dive tourism includes an increasingly wide 
range of recreational dive activities. It is considered a niche market of adventure or sports tourism.

Cruise
Cruise tourism can be defined as a luxurious form of travelling, involving an all-inclusive holiday on a cruise ship of at 
least 48 hours, with a set and specific itinerary, in which the cruise ship calls at several ports or cities.

Trekking
Trekking - or long-distance hiking - consists of walking for several days or several weeks and being entirely or partially self-sufficient.

Ski
Ski-in/ski-out means exactly as it sounds, with the slopes right outside your door. Ski directly to the lifts and ski home at the end
of the day. There are no crowded shuttle rides or long walks from the shuttle stop to your home.

Food
Authentic food is food (or drink) that exactly meets its description and also meets a person's reasonable assumption of its character.

Culture
Cultural tourism is a type of tourism activity in which the visitor's essential motivation is to learn, discover, experience and consume
the tangible and intangible cultural attractions/products in a tourism destination.

Shopping
The concept of 'shopping tourism' is quite recent, and it is expanding in the tourism sector. Its expansion through the market is
driven, like many changes that are taking place today, by the new attitudes of consumers. For years, consumer purchases in the tourism 
sector were considered a leisure activity, a circumstance linked to the motivation to travel, whether for a holiday trip or a business trip.

Temple
temple tourism by its own can be defined as symbolic. confluence of art, architecture, cultural and archaeological. attractions driven by the
religious beliefs, faiths, and. spiritualism.

History
Historical or heritage tourism means traveling with the primary purpose of exploring the history and heritage of a place.